[View Javadoc](../../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/taglib/nested/NestedReference.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: NestedReference.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.struts.taglib.nested;
    22  
    23  import java.io.Serializable;
    24  
    25  /**
    26   * So that a nested hierarchy can penetrate a dynamic JSP include, this class
    27   * will hold the details of a bean name and nested property.
    28   *
    29   * @version $Rev: 471754 $
    30   * @since Struts 1.1
    31   */
    32  public class NestedReference implements Serializable {
    33      /* Usual member variables */
    34      private String beanName;
    35      private String property;
    36  
    37      /**
    38       * Empty constructor.
    39       */
    40      public NestedReference() {
    41      }
    42  
    43      /**
    44       * Constructor takes the all the relevant details to init the object.
    45       *
    46       * @param name     String name of the bean that the include is to
    47       *                 reference
    48       * @param property String nested property value that the include will be
    49       *                 continuing on with.
    50       */
    51      public NestedReference(String name, String property) {
    52          this.beanName = name;
    53          this.property = property;
    54      }
    55  
    56      /**
    57       * Getter for the bean name
    58       *
    59       * @return String value that will be the bean's reference
    60       */
    61      public String getBeanName() {
    62          return beanName;
    63      }
    64  
    65      /**
    66       * Setter for the bean name
    67       *
    68       * @param newName String value to set the bean reference.
    69       */
    70      public void setBeanName(String newName) {
    71          this.beanName = newName;
    72      }
    73  
    74      /**
    75       * Getter for the nested property
    76       *
    77       * @return String value that is the nested property for the current
    78       *         nesting
    79       */
    80      public String getNestedProperty() {
    81          return this.property;
    82      }
    83  
    84      /**
    85       * Setter for the nested property
    86       *
    87       * @param newProperty String value of the new current nesting level
    88       */
    89      public void setNestedProperty(String newProperty) {
    90          this.property = newProperty;
    91      }
    92  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
