[View Javadoc](../../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/strutsel/taglib/logic/ELForwardTag.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: ELForwardTag.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.strutsel.taglib.logic;
    22  
    23  import org.apache.struts.taglib.logic.ForwardTag;
    24  import org.apache.strutsel.taglib.utils.EvalHelper;
    25  
    26  import javax.servlet.jsp.JspException;
    27  
    28  /**
    29   * Perform a forward or redirect to a page that is looked up in the
    30   * configuration information associated with our application. <p> This class
    31   * is a subclass of the class <code>org.apache.struts.taglib.logix.ForwardTag</code>
    32   * which provides most of the described functionality.  This subclass allows
    33   * all attribute values to be specified as expressions utilizing the
    34   * JavaServer Pages Standard Library expression language.
    35   *
    36   * @version $Rev: 471754 $
    37   */
    38  public class ELForwardTag extends ForwardTag {
    39      /**
    40       * Instance variable mapped to "name" tag attribute. (Mapping set in
    41       * associated BeanInfo class.)
    42       */
    43      private String nameExpr;
    44  
    45      /**
    46       * Getter method for "name" tag attribute. (Mapping set in associated
    47       * BeanInfo class.)
    48       */
    49      public String getNameExpr() {
    50          return (nameExpr);
    51      }
    52  
    53      /**
    54       * Setter method for "name" tag attribute. (Mapping set in associated
    55       * BeanInfo class.)
    56       */
    57      public void setNameExpr(String nameExpr) {
    58          this.nameExpr = nameExpr;
    59      }
    60  
    61      /**
    62       * Resets attribute values for tag reuse.
    63       */
    64      public void release() {
    65          super.release();
    66          setNameExpr(null);
    67      }
    68  
    69      /**
    70       * Process the start tag.
    71       *
    72       * @throws JspException if a JSP exception has occurred
    73       */
    74      public int doStartTag() throws JspException {
    75          evaluateExpressions();
    76  
    77          return (super.doStartTag());
    78      }
    79  
    80      /**
    81       * Processes all attribute values which use the JSTL expression evaluation
    82       * engine to determine their values.
    83       *
    84       * @throws JspException if a JSP exception has occurred
    85       */
    86      private void evaluateExpressions()
    87          throws JspException {
    88          String string = null;
    89  
    90          if ((string =
    91                  EvalHelper.evalString("name", getNameExpr(), this, pageContext)) != null) {
    92              setName(string);
    93          }
    94      }
    95  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
