[View Javadoc](../../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/strutsel/taglib/logic/ELMessagesNotPresentTagBeanInfo.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: ELMessagesNotPresentTagBeanInfo.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.strutsel.taglib.logic;
    22  
    23  import java.beans.IntrospectionException;
    24  import java.beans.PropertyDescriptor;
    25  import java.beans.SimpleBeanInfo;
    26  
    27  import java.util.ArrayList;
    28  
    29  /**
    30   * This is the <code>BeanInfo</code> descriptor for the
    31   * <code>org.apache.strutsel.taglib.logic.ELMessagesNotPresentTag</code>
    32   * class.  It is needed to override the default mapping of custom tag
    33   * attribute names to class attribute names. <p> This is because the value of
    34   * the unevaluated EL expression has to be kept separately from the evaluated
    35   * value, which is stored in the base class. This is related to the fact that
    36   * the JSP compiler can choose to reuse different tag instances if they
    37   * received the same original attribute values, and the JSP compiler can
    38   * choose to not re-call the setter methods, because it can assume the same
    39   * values are already set.
    40   */
    41  public class ELMessagesNotPresentTagBeanInfo extends SimpleBeanInfo {
    42      public PropertyDescriptor[] getPropertyDescriptors() {
    43          ArrayList proplist = new ArrayList();
    44  
    45          try {
    46              proplist.add(new PropertyDescriptor("name",
    47                      ELMessagesNotPresentTag.class, null, "setNameExpr"));
    48          } catch (IntrospectionException ex) {
    49          }
    50  
    51          try {
    52              proplist.add(new PropertyDescriptor("property",
    53                      ELMessagesNotPresentTag.class, null, "setPropertyExpr"));
    54          } catch (IntrospectionException ex) {
    55          }
    56  
    57          try {
    58              proplist.add(new PropertyDescriptor("message",
    59                      ELMessagesNotPresentTag.class, null, "setMessageExpr"));
    60          } catch (IntrospectionException ex) {
    61          }
    62  
    63          PropertyDescriptor[] result = new PropertyDescriptor[proplist.size()];
    64  
    65          return ((PropertyDescriptor[]) proplist.toArray(result));
    66      }
    67  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
