[View Javadoc](../../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/chain/commands/AbstractSelectLocale.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: AbstractSelectLocale.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.struts.chain.commands;
    22  
    23  import org.apache.commons.logging.Log;
    24  import org.apache.commons.logging.LogFactory;
    25  import org.apache.struts.chain.contexts.ActionContext;
    26  import org.apache.struts.config.ModuleConfig;
    27  
    28  import java.util.Locale;
    29  
    30  /**
    31   * <p>Select the <code>Locale</code> to be used for this request.</p>
    32   *
    33   * @version $Rev: 471754 $ $Date: 2005-11-12 13:01:44 -0500 (Sat, 12 Nov 2005)
    34   *          $
    35   */
    36  public abstract class AbstractSelectLocale extends ActionCommandBase {
    37      // ------------------------------------------------------ Instance Variables
    38  
    39      /**
    40       * <p> Provide Commons Logging instance for this class. </p>
    41       */
    42      private static final Log LOG =
    43          LogFactory.getLog(AbstractSelectLocale.class);
    44  
    45      // ---------------------------------------------------------- Public Methods
    46  
    47      /**
    48       * <p>Select the <code>Locale</code> to be used for this request.</p>
    49       *
    50       * @param actionCtx The <code>Context</code> for the current request
    51       * @return <code>false</code> so that processing continues
    52       * @throws Exception if thrown by the Action class
    53       */
    54      public boolean execute(ActionContext actionCtx)
    55          throws Exception {
    56          // Are we configured to select Locale automatically?
    57          LOG.trace("retrieve config...");
    58  
    59          ModuleConfig moduleConfig = actionCtx.getModuleConfig();
    60  
    61          if (!moduleConfig.getControllerConfig().getLocale()) {
    62              if (LOG.isDebugEnabled()) {
    63                  LOG.debug("module is not configured for a specific locale; "
    64                      + "nothing to do");
    65              }
    66  
    67              return (false);
    68          }
    69  
    70          // Retrieve and cache appropriate Locale for this request
    71          Locale locale = getLocale(actionCtx);
    72  
    73          if (LOG.isDebugEnabled()) {
    74              LOG.debug("set context locale to " + locale);
    75          }
    76  
    77          actionCtx.setLocale(locale);
    78  
    79          return (false);
    80      }
    81  
    82      // ------------------------------------------------------- Protected Methods
    83  
    84      /**
    85       * <p>Return the <code>Locale</code> to be used for this request.</p>
    86       *
    87       * @param context The <code>Context</code> for this request
    88       * @return The Locale to be used for this request
    89       */
    90      protected abstract Locale getLocale(ActionContext context);
    91  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
