[View Javadoc](../../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/chain/commands/AbstractSetOriginalURI.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: AbstractSetOriginalURI.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.struts.chain.commands;
    22  
    23  import org.apache.struts.Globals;
    24  import org.apache.struts.chain.contexts.ActionContext;
    25  
    26  /**
    27   * <p>Check to original uri is set, and if not, set it for this request.</p>
    28   *
    29   * @version $Rev: 471754 $ $Date: 2005-06-04 07:58:46 -0700 (Sat, 04 Jun 2005)
    30   *          $
    31   */
    32  public abstract class AbstractSetOriginalURI extends ActionCommandBase {
    33      // ---------------------------------------------------------- Public Methods
    34  
    35      /**
    36       * <p>Check to original uri is set, and if not, set it for this
    37       * request.</p>
    38       *
    39       * @param actionCtx The <code>Context</code> for the current request
    40       * @return <code>false</code> so that processing continues
    41       * @throws Exception if thrown by the Action class
    42       */
    43      public boolean execute(ActionContext actionCtx)
    44          throws Exception {
    45          // Set the original uri if not already set
    46          if (!actionCtx.getRequestScope().containsKey(Globals.ORIGINAL_URI_KEY)) {
    47              setOriginalURI(actionCtx);
    48          }
    49  
    50          return (false);
    51      }
    52  
    53      // ------------------------------------------------------- Protected Methods
    54  
    55      /**
    56       * <p>Set the original uri.</p>
    57       *
    58       * @param context The <code>Context</code> for this request
    59       */
    60      protected abstract void setOriginalURI(ActionContext context);
    61  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
