[View Javadoc](../../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/chain/commands/AbstractSetContentType.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: AbstractSetContentType.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.struts.chain.commands;
    22  
    23  import org.apache.struts.chain.contexts.ActionContext;
    24  import org.apache.struts.config.ModuleConfig;
    25  
    26  /**
    27   * <p>Check to see if the content type is set, and if so, set it for this
    28   * response.</p>
    29   *
    30   * @version $Rev: 471754 $ $Date: 2005-11-12 13:01:44 -0500 (Sat, 12 Nov 2005)
    31   *          $
    32   */
    33  public abstract class AbstractSetContentType extends ActionCommandBase {
    34      // ---------------------------------------------------------- Public Methods
    35  
    36      /**
    37       * <p>Check to see if the content type is set, and if so, set it for this
    38       * response.</p>
    39       *
    40       * @param actionCtx The <code>Context</code> for the current request
    41       * @return <code>false</code> so that processing continues
    42       * @throws Exception if thrown by the Action class
    43       */
    44      public boolean execute(ActionContext actionCtx)
    45          throws Exception {
    46          // Retrieve the ModuleConfig instance
    47          ModuleConfig moduleConfig = actionCtx.getModuleConfig();
    48  
    49          // If the content type is configured, set it for the response
    50          String contentType =
    51              moduleConfig.getControllerConfig().getContentType();
    52  
    53          if (contentType != null) {
    54              setContentType(actionCtx, contentType);
    55          }
    56  
    57          return (false);
    58      }
    59  
    60      // ------------------------------------------------------- Protected Methods
    61  
    62      /**
    63       * <p>Request no cache flags are set.</p>
    64       *
    65       * @param context     The <code>Context</code> for this request
    66       * @param contentType The content type for the response
    67       */
    68      protected abstract void setContentType(ActionContext context,
    69          String contentType);
    70  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
