[View Javadoc](../../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/chain/commands/AbstractPerformForward.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: AbstractPerformForward.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.struts.chain.commands;
    22  
    23  import org.apache.struts.chain.contexts.ActionContext;
    24  import org.apache.struts.config.ForwardConfig;
    25  
    26  /**
    27   * <p>Perform forwarding or redirection based on the specified
    28   * <code>ForwardConfig</code> (if any).</p>
    29   *
    30   * @version $Rev: 471754 $ $Date: 2005-06-04 10:58:46 -0400 (Sat, 04 Jun 2005)
    31   *          $
    32   */
    33  public abstract class AbstractPerformForward extends ActionCommandBase {
    34      // ---------------------------------------------------------- Public Methods
    35  
    36      /**
    37       * <p>Perform forwarding or redirection based on the specified
    38       * <code>ActionForward</code> (if any).</p>
    39       *
    40       * @param actionCtx The <code>Context</code> for the current request
    41       * @return <code>true</code> so that processing completes
    42       * @throws Exception if thrown by the <code>Action</code>
    43       */
    44      public boolean execute(ActionContext actionCtx)
    45          throws Exception {
    46          // Is there a ForwardConfig to be performed?
    47          ForwardConfig forwardConfig = actionCtx.getForwardConfig();
    48  
    49          if (forwardConfig == null) {
    50              return (false);
    51          }
    52  
    53          // Perform the appropriate processing on this ActionForward
    54          perform(actionCtx, forwardConfig);
    55  
    56          return (true);
    57      }
    58  
    59      // ------------------------------------------------------- Protected Methods
    60  
    61      /**
    62       * <p>Perform the appropriate processing on the specified
    63       * <code>ForwardConfig</code>.</p>
    64       *
    65       * @param context       The context for this request
    66       * @param forwardConfig The forward to be performed
    67       * @throws Exception if thrown by the <code>Action</code>
    68       */
    69      protected abstract void perform(ActionContext context,
    70          ForwardConfig forwardConfig)
    71          throws Exception;
    72  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
