[View Javadoc](../../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/chain/commands/AbstractRequestNoCache.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: AbstractRequestNoCache.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.struts.chain.commands;
    22  
    23  import org.apache.struts.chain.contexts.ActionContext;
    24  import org.apache.struts.config.ModuleConfig;
    25  
    26  /**
    27   * <p>Check to see if the controller is configured to prevent caching, and if
    28   * so, request no cache flags to be set.</p>
    29   *
    30   * @version $Rev: 471754 $ $Date: 2005-06-04 10:58:46 -0400 (Sat, 04 Jun 2005)
    31   *          $
    32   */
    33  public abstract class AbstractRequestNoCache extends ActionCommandBase {
    34      // ---------------------------------------------------------- Public Methods
    35  
    36      /**
    37       * <p>Check to see if the controller is configured to prevent caching, and
    38       * if so, request no cache flags to be set.</p>
    39       *
    40       * @param actionCtx The <code>Context</code> for the current request
    41       * @return <code>false</code> so that processing continues
    42       * @throws Exception if thrown by the Action class
    43       */
    44      public boolean execute(ActionContext actionCtx)
    45          throws Exception {
    46          // Retrieve the ModuleConfig instance
    47          ModuleConfig moduleConfig = actionCtx.getModuleConfig();
    48  
    49          // If the module is configured for no caching, request no caching
    50          if (moduleConfig.getControllerConfig().getNocache()) {
    51              requestNoCache(actionCtx);
    52          }
    53  
    54          return (false);
    55      }
    56  
    57      // ------------------------------------------------------- Protected Methods
    58  
    59      /**
    60       * <p>Request no cache flags are set.</p>
    61       *
    62       * @param context The <code>Context</code> for this request
    63       */
    64      protected abstract void requestNoCache(ActionContext context);
    65  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
