[View Javadoc](../../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/chain/commands/ExecuteForwardCommand.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: ExecuteForwardCommand.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.struts.chain.commands;
    22  
    23  import org.apache.commons.chain.Command;
    24  import org.apache.struts.chain.contexts.ActionContext;
    25  import org.apache.struts.config.ForwardConfig;
    26  
    27  /**
    28   * <p>Look up and execute a commons-chain <code>Command</code> based on
    29   * properties of the ActionContext's <code>forwardConfig</code> property.
    30   * </p>
    31   */
    32  public class ExecuteForwardCommand extends ExecuteCommand {
    33      /**
    34       * <p>Return the command specified by the <code>command</code> and
    35       * <code>catalog</code> properties of the <code>forwardConfig</code>
    36       * property of the given <code>ActionContext</code>.  If
    37       * <code>forwardConfig</code> is null, return null.</p>
    38       *
    39       * @param context Our ActionContext
    40       * @return Command to execute or null
    41       */
    42      protected Command getCommand(ActionContext context) {
    43          ForwardConfig forwardConfig = context.getForwardConfig();
    44  
    45          if (forwardConfig == null) {
    46              return null;
    47          }
    48  
    49          return getCommand(forwardConfig.getCommand(), forwardConfig.getCatalog());
    50      }
    51  
    52      /**
    53       * <p> Determine whether the forwardConfig should be processed. </p>
    54       *
    55       * @param context The ActionContext we are processing
    56       * @return <p><code>true</code> if the given <code>ActionContext</code>
    57       *         has a non-null <code>forwardConfig</code> property.</p>
    58       */
    59      protected boolean shouldProcess(ActionContext context) {
    60          return (context.getForwardConfig() != null);
    61      }
    62  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
