[View Javadoc](../../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/chain/commands/RemoveCachedMessages.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: RemoveCachedMessages.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.struts.chain.commands;
    22  
    23  import java.util.Map;
    24  import org.apache.struts.Globals;
    25  import org.apache.struts.chain.contexts.ActionContext;
    26  import org.apache.struts.action.ActionMessages;
    27  
    28  /**
    29   * <p>Remove cached messages stored in the session.</p>
    30   *
    31   * @version $Id: RemoveCachedMessages.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    32   * @since Struts 1.3.5
    33   */
    34  public class RemoveCachedMessages extends ActionCommandBase {
    35  
    36      /**
    37       * <p>Removes any <code>ActionMessages</code> object stored in the session
    38       * under <code>Globals.MESSAGE_KEY</code> and <code>Globals.ERROR_KEY</code>
    39       * if the messages' <code>isAccessed</code> method returns true.  This
    40       * allows messages to be stored in the session, displayed one time, and be
    41       * released here.</p>
    42       *
    43       * @param actionCtx The <code>Context</code> for the current request
    44       * @return <code>false</code> so that processing continues
    45       * @throws Exception on any error
    46       */
    47      public boolean execute(ActionContext actionCtx)
    48          throws Exception {
    49  
    50          // Get session scope
    51          Map session = actionCtx.getSessionScope();
    52  
    53          // Remove messages as needed
    54          removeAccessedMessages(session, Globals.MESSAGE_KEY);
    55  
    56          // Remove error messages as needed
    57          removeAccessedMessages(session, Globals.ERROR_KEY);
    58  
    59          return false;
    60      }
    61  
    62      /**
    63       * <p>Removes any <code>ActionMessages</code> object from the specified
    64       * scope stored under the specified key if the messages'
    65       * <code>isAccessed</code> method returns true.
    66       *
    67       * @param scope The scope to check for messages in.
    68       * @param key The key the messages are stored under.
    69       */
    70      private void removeAccessedMessages(Map scope, String key) {
    71          ActionMessages messages = (ActionMessages)scope.get(key);
    72          if (messages != null && messages.isAccessed()) {
    73              scope.remove(key);
    74          }
    75      }
    76  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
