[View Javadoc](../../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/chain/commands/UnauthorizedActionException.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: UnauthorizedActionException.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.struts.chain.commands;
    22  
    23  
    24  /**
    25   * <p>Exception thrown when the chosen action mapping is not authorized for
    26   * the current request.</p>
    27   *
    28   * @version $Rev: 471754 $ $Date: 2005-06-04 10:58:46 -0400 (Sat, 04 Jun 2005)
    29   *          $
    30   */
    31  public class UnauthorizedActionException extends Exception {
    32      /**
    33       * <p> Default no-argument constructor. </p>
    34       */
    35      public UnauthorizedActionException() {
    36          super();
    37      }
    38  
    39      /**
    40       * <p> Constructor to set message on instantiation. </p>
    41       *
    42       * @param message The error or warning message.
    43       */
    44      public UnauthorizedActionException(String message) {
    45          super(message);
    46      }
    47  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
