[View Javadoc](../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/tiles/Controller.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: Controller.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  
    22  package org.apache.struts.tiles;
    23  
    24  import java.io.IOException;
    25  
    26  import javax.servlet.ServletContext;
    27  import javax.servlet.ServletException;
    28  import javax.servlet.http.HttpServletRequest;
    29  import javax.servlet.http.HttpServletResponse;
    30  
    31  /**
    32   * A controller is a piece of code called before rendering a jsp page.
    33   * A controller can be associated to a tile. See &lt;insert&gt; or
    34   * &lt;definition&gt; for association syntax.
    35   */
    36  public interface Controller {
    37  
    38      /**
    39       * Method associated to a tile and called immediately before the tile
    40       * is included.
    41       *
    42       * @param tileContext    Current tile context.
    43       * @param request        Current request
    44       * @param response       Current response
    45       * @param servletContext Current servlet context
    46       * @deprecated Use execute() instead.  This will be removed after
    47       *             Struts 1.2.
    48       */
    49      public void perform(
    50              ComponentContext tileContext,
    51              HttpServletRequest request,
    52              HttpServletResponse response,
    53              ServletContext servletContext)
    54              throws ServletException, IOException;
    55  
    56      /**
    57       * Method associated to a tile and called immediately before the tile
    58       * is included.
    59       *
    60       * @param tileContext    Current tile context.
    61       * @param request        Current request
    62       * @param response       Current response
    63       * @param servletContext Current servlet context
    64       */
    65      public void execute(
    66              ComponentContext tileContext,
    67              HttpServletRequest request,
    68              HttpServletResponse response,
    69              ServletContext servletContext)
    70              throws Exception;
    71  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
