[View Javadoc](../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/tiles/TilesUtilStrutsImpl.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: TilesUtilStrutsImpl.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  
    22  package org.apache.struts.tiles;
    23  
    24  import javax.servlet.ServletContext;
    25  
    26  import org.apache.struts.config.ModuleConfig;
    27  
    28  /**
    29   * TilesUtil implementation for Struts 1.1 with one single factory.
    30   * This class contains default implementation of utilities. This implementation
    31   * is intended to be used with Struts 1.1.
    32   * This class is used as the base class for all Struts 1.1 implementations of TilesUtil.
    33   */
    34  public class TilesUtilStrutsImpl extends TilesUtilImpl {
    35  
    36      /**
    37       * Get definition factory for the module attached to the specified moduleConfig.
    38       * @param servletContext Current servlet context
    39       * @param moduleConfig Module config of the module for which the factory is requested.
    40       * @return Definitions factory or null if not found.
    41       */
    42      public DefinitionsFactory getDefinitionsFactory(
    43          ServletContext servletContext,
    44          ModuleConfig moduleConfig) {
    45  
    46          return (DefinitionsFactory) servletContext.getAttribute(DEFINITIONS_FACTORY);
    47      }
    48  
    49  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
