[View Javadoc](../../../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/taglib/nested/logic/NestedIterateTei.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: NestedIterateTei.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.struts.taglib.nested.logic;
    22  
    23  import org.apache.struts.taglib.logic.IterateTei;
    24  
    25  import javax.servlet.jsp.tagext.TagData;
    26  import javax.servlet.jsp.tagext.VariableInfo;
    27  
    28  /**
    29   * NestedIterateTei Extending the original tag's tei class, so that we can
    30   * make the "id" attribute optional, so that those who want to script can add
    31   * it if they need it otherwise we can maintain the nice lean tag markup.
    32   *
    33   * TODO - Look at deleting this class. Potentially a pointless existance now
    34   * that the super class is towing the line. Left alone because it's not
    35   * hurting anything as-is. Note: When done, it requires pointing the tei
    36   * reference in the struts-nested.tld to org.apache.struts.taglib.logic.IterateTei
    37   *
    38   * @version $Rev: 471754 $ $Date: 2004-10-16 12:38:42 -0400 (Sat, 16 Oct 2004)
    39   *          $
    40   * @since Struts 1.1
    41   */
    42  public class NestedIterateTei extends IterateTei {
    43      /**
    44       * Return information about the scripting variables to be created.
    45       */
    46      public VariableInfo[] getVariableInfo(TagData data) {
    47          /* It just lets the result through. */
    48          return super.getVariableInfo(data);
    49      }
    50  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
