[View Javadoc](../../../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/taglib/nested/logic/NestedGreaterThanTag.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: NestedGreaterThanTag.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.struts.taglib.nested.logic;
    22  
    23  import org.apache.struts.taglib.logic.GreaterThanTag;
    24  import org.apache.struts.taglib.nested.NestedNameSupport;
    25  import org.apache.struts.taglib.nested.NestedPropertyHelper;
    26  
    27  import javax.servlet.http.HttpServletRequest;
    28  import javax.servlet.jsp.JspException;
    29  
    30  /**
    31   * NestedGreaterThanTag.
    32   *
    33   * @version $Rev: 471754 $ $Date: 2004-10-16 12:38:42 -0400 (Sat, 16 Oct 2004)
    34   *          $
    35   * @since Struts 1.1
    36   */
    37  public class NestedGreaterThanTag extends GreaterThanTag
    38      implements NestedNameSupport {
    39      /* the usual private member variables */
    40      private String originalName = null;
    41      private String originalProperty = null;
    42  
    43      /**
    44       * Overriding method of the heart of the matter. Gets the relative
    45       * property and leaves the rest up to the original tag implementation.
    46       * Sweet.
    47       *
    48       * @return int JSP continuation directive. This is in the hands of the
    49       *         super class.
    50       */
    51      public int doStartTag() throws JspException {
    52          // get the original properties
    53          originalName = getName();
    54          originalProperty = getProperty();
    55  
    56          // request
    57          HttpServletRequest request =
    58              (HttpServletRequest) pageContext.getRequest();
    59  
    60          // set the properties
    61          NestedPropertyHelper.setNestedProperties(request, this);
    62  
    63          // let the super do it's thing
    64          return super.doStartTag();
    65      }
    66  
    67      /**
    68       * Complete the processing of the tag. The nested tags here will restore
    69       * all the original value for the tag itself and the nesting context.
    70       *
    71       * @return int to describe the next step for the JSP processor
    72       * @throws JspException for the bad things JSP's do
    73       */
    74      public int doEndTag() throws JspException {
    75          // do the super's ending part
    76          int i = super.doEndTag();
    77  
    78          // reset the properties
    79          setName(originalName);
    80          setProperty(originalProperty);
    81  
    82          // continue
    83          return i;
    84      }
    85  
    86      /**
    87       * Release the tag's resources and reset the values.
    88       */
    89      public void release() {
    90          super.release();
    91  
    92          // reset the originals
    93          originalName = null;
    94          originalProperty = null;
    95      }
    96  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
