[View Javadoc](../../../apidocs/examples/links/PrepareLinksAction.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: PrepareLinksAction.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  
    22  package examples.links;
    23  
    24  import java.util.HashMap;
    25  
    26  import javax.servlet.http.HttpServletRequest;
    27  import javax.servlet.http.HttpServletResponse;
    28  
    29  import org.apache.struts.action.Action;
    30  import org.apache.struts.action.ActionForm;
    31  import org.apache.struts.action.ActionForward;
    32  import org.apache.struts.action.ActionMapping;
    33  
    34  import examples.TestBean;
    35  
    36  /**
    37   * Perform any tasks and setup any data that
    38   * must be prepared before the form is displayed.
    39   *
    40   * @version $Rev: 471754 $ $Date: 2006-11-06 08:55:09 -0600 (Mon, 06 Nov 2006) $
    41   */
    42  public class PrepareLinksAction extends Action {
    43  
    44      // ------------------------------------------------------------ Constructors
    45  
    46      /**
    47       * Constructor for PrepareOptionsAction.
    48       */
    49      public PrepareLinksAction() {
    50          super();
    51      }
    52  
    53      // ---------------------------------------------------------- Action Methods
    54  
    55      /**
    56       * Process the request and return an <code>ActionForward</code> instance
    57       * describing where and how control should be forwarded, or
    58       * <code>null</code>if the response has already been completed.
    59       *
    60       * @param mapping The ActionMapping used to select this instance
    61       * @param form The optional ActionForm bean for this request (if any)
    62       * @param request The HTTP request we are processing
    63       * @param response The HTTP response we are creating
    64       *
    65       * @exception Exception if an exception occurs
    66       *
    67       * @return the ActionForward to forward control to
    68       */
    69      public ActionForward execute(
    70          ActionMapping mapping,
    71          ActionForm form,
    72          HttpServletRequest request,
    73          HttpServletResponse response)
    74          throws Exception {
    75  
    76          HashMap parms = new HashMap();
    77          parms.put("color", "Red");
    78          parms.put("fruit", "Apple");
    79          parms.put("animal", "Rabbit");
    80          request.setAttribute("parms", parms);
    81  
    82          TestBean bean = new TestBean();
    83          request.setAttribute("testBean", bean);
    84  
    85          // Just forward to the form - no preparation required
    86          return mapping.findForward("success");
    87  
    88      }
    89  
    90  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
