[View Javadoc](../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/scripting/BSFManagerFilter.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: BSFManagerFilter.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.struts.scripting;
    22  
    23  // util imports:
    24  import java.util.Properties;
    25  
    26  // misc imports:
    27  import org.apache.bsf.BSFManager;
    28  
    29  
    30  /**
    31   *  Defines a class that wants to manipulate the contents of the scripting
    32   *  context before the script is executed. An example would be a class that puts
    33   *  business facade classes in the context.
    34   */
    35  public interface BSFManagerFilter {
    36  
    37      /**
    38       *  Initializes the filter. Properties can be retrieved as: <code>
    39       *  struts-scripting.filters.FILTER_NAME.PROPERTY_NAME=PROPERTY_VALUE
    40       *  </code> where FILTER_NAME is the "name" parameter.
    41       *
    42       *@param  name   The name of the filter
    43       *@param  props  The properties
    44       */
    45      void init(String name, Properties props);
    46  
    47  
    48      /**
    49       *  Applies the filter.
    50       *
    51       *@param  mgr  The scripting manager
    52       *@return      The scripting manager
    53       */
    54      BSFManager apply(BSFManager mgr);
    55  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
