[View Javadoc](../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/scripting/TestFilter.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: TestFilter.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  
    22  package org.apache.struts.scripting;
    23  
    24  // util imports:
    25  import java.util.Properties;
    26  
    27  // logging imports:
    28  import org.apache.commons.logging.Log;
    29  import org.apache.commons.logging.LogFactory;
    30  
    31  // misc imports:
    32  import org.apache.bsf.BSFManager;
    33  
    34  
    35  /**
    36   *  Tests to make sure the filtering system is working.
    37   */
    38  public class TestFilter implements BSFManagerFilter {
    39  
    40      /** Logging instance. */
    41      private static final Log LOG = LogFactory.getLog(TestFilter.class);
    42  
    43      /**
    44       *  Initializes the filter.
    45       *
    46       * @param name The name of the filter
    47       * @param props The properties
    48       */
    49      public void init(String name, Properties props) {
    50          LOG.info("Initializing TestFilter");
    51      }
    52  
    53      /**
    54       *  Applies the filter.
    55       *
    56       * @param mgr The bsf manager
    57       * @return The bsf manager
    58       */
    59      public BSFManager apply(BSFManager mgr) {
    60          LOG.info("Filtering in TestFilter");
    61          return mgr;
    62      }
    63  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
