[View Javadoc](../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/mock/MockServletConfig.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: MockServletConfig.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.struts.mock;
    22  
    23  import javax.servlet.ServletConfig;
    24  import javax.servlet.ServletContext;
    25  
    26  import java.util.Enumeration;
    27  import java.util.HashMap;
    28  
    29  /**
    30   * <p>Mock <strong>ServletConfig</strong> object for low-level unit tests of
    31   * Struts controller components.  Coarser grained tests should be implemented
    32   * in terms of the Cactus framework, instead of the mock object classes.</p>
    33   *
    34   * <p><strong>WARNING</strong> - Only the minimal set of methods needed to
    35   * create unit tests is provided, plus additional methods to configure this
    36   * object as necessary.  Methods for unsupported operations will throw
    37   * <code>UnsupportedOperationException</code>.</p>
    38   *
    39   * <p><strong>WARNING</strong> - Because unit tests operate in a single
    40   * threaded environment, no synchronization is performed.</p>
    41   *
    42   * @version $Rev: 471754 $ $Date: 2005-05-07 12:11:38 -0400 (Sat, 07 May 2005)
    43   *          $
    44   */
    45  public class MockServletConfig implements ServletConfig {
    46      // ----------------------------------------------------- Instance Variables
    47      protected ServletContext context = null;
    48      protected HashMap parameters = new HashMap();
    49  
    50      // ----------------------------------------------------------- Constructors
    51      public MockServletConfig() {
    52          super();
    53      }
    54  
    55      public MockServletConfig(ServletContext context) {
    56          super();
    57          setServletContext(context);
    58      }
    59  
    60      // --------------------------------------------------------- Public Methods
    61      public void addInitParameter(String name, String value) {
    62          parameters.put(name, value);
    63      }
    64  
    65      public void setServletContext(ServletContext context) {
    66          this.context = context;
    67      }
    68  
    69      // ------------------------------------------------- ServletContext Methods
    70      public String getInitParameter(String name) {
    71          return ((String) parameters.get(name));
    72      }
    73  
    74      public Enumeration getInitParameterNames() {
    75          return (new MockEnumeration(parameters.keySet().iterator()));
    76      }
    77  
    78      public ServletContext getServletContext() {
    79          return (this.context);
    80      }
    81  
    82      public String getServletName() {
    83          return ("action");
    84      }
    85  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
