[View Javadoc](../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/config/PlugInConfig.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: PlugInConfig.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.struts.config;
    22  
    23  import java.io.Serializable;
    24  
    25  import java.util.HashMap;
    26  import java.util.Map;
    27  
    28  /**
    29   * <p>A JavaBean representing the configuration information of a
    30   * <code>&lt;plug-in&gt;</code> element in a Struts configuration file.</p>
    31   * <p>Note that this class does not extend <code>BaseConfig</code> because it
    32   * is more "internal" than the other classes which do, and because this class
    33   * has an existing "properties" object which collides with the one in
    34   * <code>BaseConfig</code>.  Also, since one always writes a concrete PlugIn
    35   * implementation, there seems to be less call for an arbitrary property map;
    36   * one can simply use bean properties instead.</p>
    37   *
    38   * @version $Rev: 471754 $ $Date: 2005-05-12 18:41:19 -0400 (Thu, 12 May 2005)
    39   *          $
    40   * @since Struts 1.1
    41   */
    42  public class PlugInConfig implements Serializable {
    43      // ----------------------------------------------------- Instance Variables
    44  
    45      /**
    46       * Has this component been completely configured?
    47       */
    48      protected boolean configured = false;
    49  
    50      /**
    51       * A <code>Map</code> of the name-value pairs that will be used to
    52       * configure the property values of a <code>PlugIn</code> instance.
    53       */
    54      protected Map properties = new HashMap();
    55  
    56      // ------------------------------------------------------------- Properties
    57  
    58      /**
    59       * The fully qualified Java class name of the <code>PlugIn</code>
    60       * implementation class being configured.
    61       */
    62      protected String className = null;
    63  
    64      public String getClassName() {
    65          return (this.className);
    66      }
    67  
    68      public void setClassName(String className) {
    69          this.className = className;
    70      }
    71  
    72      // --------------------------------------------------------- Public Methods
    73  
    74      /**
    75       * Add a new property name and value to the set that will be used to
    76       * configure the <code>PlugIn</code> instance.
    77       *
    78       * @param name  Property name
    79       * @param value Property value
    80       */
    81      public void addProperty(String name, String value) {
    82          if (configured) {
    83              throw new IllegalStateException("Configuration is frozen");
    84          }
    85  
    86          properties.put(name, value);
    87      }
    88  
    89      /**
    90       * Freeze the configuration of this component.
    91       */
    92      public void freeze() {
    93          configured = true;
    94      }
    95  
    96      /**
    97       * Return the properties that will be used to configure a
    98       * <code>PlugIn</code> instance.
    99       */
    100     public Map getProperties() {
    101         return (properties);
    102     }
    103 }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
