[View Javadoc](../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/action/ActionServletWrapper.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: ActionServletWrapper.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.struts.action;
    22  
    23  import org.apache.struts.upload.MultipartRequestHandler;
    24  
    25  import java.io.Serializable;
    26  
    27  /**
    28   * <p>Provide a wrapper around an {@link ActionServlet} to expose only those
    29   * methods needed by other objects. When used with an {@link ActionForm},
    30   * subclasses must be careful that they do not return an object with public
    31   * getters and setters that could be exploited by automatic population of
    32   * properties.</p>
    33   *
    34   * @version $Rev: 471754 $ $Date: 2005-05-07 12:11:38 -0400 (Sat, 07 May 2005)
    35   *          $
    36   * @since Struts 1.0.1
    37   */
    38  public class ActionServletWrapper implements Serializable {
    39      /**
    40       * <p>The servlet instance to which we are attached.</p>
    41       */
    42      protected transient ActionServlet servlet = null;
    43  
    44      /**
    45       * <p>Create object and set <code>servlet</code> property.</p>
    46       *
    47       * @param servlet <code>ActionServlet</code> to wrap
    48       */
    49      public ActionServletWrapper(ActionServlet servlet) {
    50          super();
    51          this.servlet = servlet;
    52      }
    53  
    54      /**
    55       * <p>Set servlet to a <code>MultipartRequestHandler</code>.</p>
    56       *
    57       * @param object The MultipartRequestHandler
    58       */
    59      public void setServletFor(MultipartRequestHandler object) {
    60          object.setServlet(this.servlet);
    61  
    62          // :FIXME: Should this be based on an "setServlet"
    63          // interface or introspection for a setServlet method?
    64          // Or, is it safer to just add the types we want as we want them?
    65      }
    66  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
