[View Javadoc](../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/action/InvalidCancelException.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: InvalidCancelException.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.struts.action;
    22  
    23  
    24  /**
    25   * <p> Thrown when a token generated by the Cancel tag is found in the
    26   * request, but the cancellable property for the Action Mapping is not set.
    27   * </p>
    28   */
    29  public class InvalidCancelException extends Exception {
    30      /**
    31       * <p>Default constructor.</p>
    32       */
    33      public InvalidCancelException() {
    34          super();
    35      }
    36  
    37      /**
    38       * <p>Construct the exception with the specified message.</p>
    39       *
    40       * @param message the message
    41       */
    42      public InvalidCancelException(String message) {
    43          super(message);
    44      }
    45  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
