[View Javadoc](../../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/taglib/logic/IterateTei.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: IterateTei.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.struts.taglib.logic;
    22  
    23  import javax.servlet.jsp.tagext.TagData;
    24  import javax.servlet.jsp.tagext.TagExtraInfo;
    25  import javax.servlet.jsp.tagext.VariableInfo;
    26  
    27  /**
    28   * Implementation of <code>TagExtraInfo</code> for the <b>iterate</b> tag,
    29   * identifying the scripting object(s) to be made visible.
    30   *
    31   * @version $Rev: 471754 $ $Date: 2004-10-16 12:38:42 -0400 (Sat, 16 Oct 2004)
    32   *          $
    33   */
    34  public class IterateTei extends TagExtraInfo {
    35      /**
    36       * Return information about the scripting variables to be created.
    37       */
    38      public VariableInfo[] getVariableInfo(TagData data) {
    39          // prime this array with the maximum potential variables.
    40          // will be arraycopy'd out to the final array based on results.
    41          VariableInfo[] variables = new VariableInfo[2];
    42  
    43          // counter for matched results.
    44          int counter = 0;
    45  
    46          /* id : object of the current iteration */
    47          String id = data.getAttributeString("id");
    48          String type = data.getAttributeString("type");
    49  
    50          if (id != null) {
    51              if (type == null) {
    52                  type = "java.lang.Object";
    53              }
    54  
    55              variables[counter++] =
    56                  new VariableInfo(data.getAttributeString("id"), type, true,
    57                      VariableInfo.NESTED);
    58          }
    59  
    60          /* indexId : number value of the current iteration */
    61          String indexId = data.getAttributeString("indexId");
    62  
    63          if (indexId != null) {
    64              variables[counter++] =
    65                  new VariableInfo(indexId, "java.lang.Integer", true,
    66                      VariableInfo.NESTED);
    67          }
    68  
    69          /* create returning array, and copy results */
    70          VariableInfo[] result;
    71  
    72          if (counter > 0) {
    73              result = new VariableInfo[counter];
    74              System.arraycopy(variables, 0, result, 0, counter);
    75          } else {
    76              result = new VariableInfo[0];
    77          }
    78  
    79          return result;
    80      }
    81  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
