[View Javadoc](../../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/taglib.html.md/Constants.html)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: Constants.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.struts.taglib.html.md;
    22  
    23  
    24  /**
    25   * Manifest constants for this package.
    26   */
    27  public class Constants {
    28      /**
    29       * The name of this package.
    30       */
    31      public static final String Package = "org.apache.struts.taglib.html.md";
    32  
    33      /**
    34       * The attribute key for the bean our form is related to.
    35       */
    36      public static final String BEAN_KEY = Package + ".BEAN";
    37  
    38      /**
    39       * The property under which a Cancel button press is reported.
    40       */
    41      public static final String CANCEL_PROPERTY = Package + ".CANCEL";
    42  
    43      /**
    44       * The property under which a Cancel button press is reported, if the
    45       * Cancel button is rendered as an image.
    46       */
    47      public static final String CANCEL_PROPERTY_X = Package + ".CANCEL.x";
    48  
    49      /**
    50       * The attribute key for the form tag itself.
    51       */
    52      public static final String FORM_KEY = Package + ".FORM";
    53  
    54      /**
    55       * The attribute key for the select tag itself.
    56       */
    57      public static final String SELECT_KEY = Package + ".SELECT";
    58  
    59      /**
    60       * The property under which a transaction token is reported.
    61       */
    62      public static final String TOKEN_KEY = Package + ".TOKEN";
    63  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
