[View Javadoc](../../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/taglib.html.md/RewriteTag.html)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: RewriteTag.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.struts.taglib.html.md;
    22  
    23  import org.apache.struts.taglib.TagUtils;
    24  
    25  import javax.servlet.jsp.JspException;
    26  
    27  import java.net.MalformedURLException;
    28  
    29  import java.util.HashMap;
    30  import java.util.Map;
    31  
    32  /**
    33   * Generate a URL-encoded URI as a string.
    34   *
    35   * @version $Rev: 471754 $ $Date: 2004-10-16 12:38:42 -0400 (Sat, 16 Oct 2004)
    36   *          $
    37   */
    38  public class RewriteTag extends LinkTag {
    39      // --------------------------------------------------------- Public Methods
    40  
    41      /**
    42       * Render the URI.
    43       *
    44       * @throws JspException if a JSP exception has occurred
    45       */
    46      public int doEndTag() throws JspException {
    47          // Generate the hyperlink URL
    48          Map params =
    49              TagUtils.getInstance().computeParameters(pageContext, paramId,
    50                  paramName, paramProperty, paramScope, name, property, scope,
    51                  transaction);
    52  
    53          // Add parameters collected from the tag's inner body
    54          if (!this.parameters.isEmpty()) {
    55              if (params == null) {
    56                  params = new HashMap();
    57              }
    58              params.putAll(this.parameters);
    59          }
    60  
    61          String url = null;
    62  
    63          try {
    64              // Note that we're encoding the & character to &amp; in XHTML mode only,
    65              // otherwise the & is written as is to work in javascripts.
    66              url = TagUtils.getInstance().computeURLWithCharEncoding(pageContext,
    67                      forward, href, page, action, module, params, anchor, false,
    68                      this.is.html.md(), useLocalEncoding);
    69          } catch (MalformedURLException e) {
    70              TagUtils.getInstance().saveException(pageContext, e);
    71              throw new JspException(messages.getMessage("rewrite.url",
    72                      e.toString()));
    73          }
    74  
    75          TagUtils.getInstance().write(pageContext, url);
    76          return (EVAL_PAGE);
    77      }
    78  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
