[View Javadoc](../../../apidocs/examples/bean/PrepareBeanAction.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: PrepareBeanAction.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  
    22  package examples.bean;
    23  
    24  import javax.servlet.http.HttpServletRequest;
    25  import javax.servlet.http.HttpServletResponse;
    26  
    27  import org.apache.struts.action.Action;
    28  import org.apache.struts.action.ActionForm;
    29  import org.apache.struts.action.ActionForward;
    30  import org.apache.struts.action.ActionMapping;
    31  
    32  /**
    33   * Perform any tasks and setup any data that
    34   * must be prepared before the form is displayed.
    35   *
    36   * @version $Rev: 471754 $ $Date: 2006-11-06 08:55:09 -0600 (Mon, 06 Nov 2006) $
    37   */
    38  public class PrepareBeanAction extends Action {
    39  
    40      // ------------------------------------------------------------ Constructors
    41  
    42      /**
    43       * Constructor for PrepareBeanAction.
    44       */
    45      public PrepareBeanAction() {
    46          super();
    47      }
    48  
    49      // ---------------------------------------------------------- Action Methods
    50  
    51      /**
    52       * Process the request and return an <code>ActionForward</code> instance
    53       * describing where and how control should be forwarded, or
    54       * <code>null</code>if the response has already been completed.
    55       *
    56       * @param mapping The ActionMapping used to select this instance
    57       * @param form The optional ActionForm bean for this request (if any)
    58       * @param request The HTTP request we are processing
    59       * @param response The HTTP response we are creating
    60       *
    61       * @exception Exception if an exception occurs
    62       *
    63       * @return the ActionForward to forward control to
    64       */
    65      public ActionForward execute(
    66          ActionMapping mapping,
    67          ActionForm form,
    68          HttpServletRequest request,
    69          HttpServletResponse response)
    70          throws Exception {
    71  
    72          // Set-up an example bean
    73          ExampleBean example = new ExampleBean();
    74          example.getList().add("List entry #1");
    75          example.getList().add("List entry #2");
    76          example.getList().add("List entry #3");
    77          example.getList().add("List entry #4");
    78  
    79          // Add a nested bean
    80          example.setNested(new NestedBean());
    81  
    82          // Place the example bean in the request scope
    83          request.setAttribute("example", example);
    84  
    85          // Forward to the test page
    86          return mapping.findForward("success");
    87      }
    88  
    89  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
