[View Javadoc](../../../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/taglib/nested/bean/NestedDefineTei.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: NestedDefineTei.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.struts.taglib.nested.bean;
    22  
    23  import org.apache.struts.taglib.logic.IterateTei;
    24  
    25  import javax.servlet.jsp.tagext.TagData;
    26  import javax.servlet.jsp.tagext.VariableInfo;
    27  
    28  /**
    29   * NestedDefineTei to make sure that the implied setting of the name property
    30   * of a nested tag is properly handed in the casting of the defined object.
    31   * Currently goes to String, but for the purposes of most nested objects they
    32   * will benefit more from a simple Object casting.
    33   *
    34   * @version $Rev: 471754 $
    35   * @since Struts 1.1
    36   */
    37  public class NestedDefineTei extends IterateTei {
    38      /**
    39       * Return information about the scripting variables to be created.
    40       */
    41      public VariableInfo[] getVariableInfo(TagData data) {
    42          // get the type
    43          String type = (String) data.getAttribute("type");
    44  
    45          // make it an object if none supplied
    46          if (type == null) {
    47              type = "java.lang.Object";
    48          }
    49  
    50          // return the infor about the deined object
    51          VariableInfo[] vinfo = new VariableInfo[1];
    52  
    53          vinfo[0] =
    54              new VariableInfo(data.getAttributeString("id"), type, true,
    55                  VariableInfo.AT_END);
    56  
    57          /* return the results */
    58          return vinfo;
    59      }
    60  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
