[View Javadoc](../../../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/chain/commands/servlet/SelectInput.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: SelectInput.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.struts.chain.commands.servlet;
    22  
    23  import org.apache.struts.action.ActionForward;
    24  import org.apache.struts.chain.commands.AbstractSelectInput;
    25  import org.apache.struts.chain.contexts.ActionContext;
    26  import org.apache.struts.config.ForwardConfig;
    27  import org.apache.struts.config.ModuleConfig;
    28  
    29  /**
    30   * <p>Validate the properties of the form bean for this request.  If there are
    31   * any validation errors, execute the child commands in our chain; otherwise,
    32   * proceed normally.</p>
    33   *
    34   * @version $Rev: 471754 $ $Date: 2005-05-07 12:11:38 -0400 (Sat, 07 May 2005)
    35   *          $
    36   */
    37  public class SelectInput extends AbstractSelectInput {
    38      // ------------------------------------------------------- Protected Methods
    39  
    40      /**
    41       * <p>Create and return a <code>ForwardConfig</code> representing the
    42       * specified module-relative destination.</p>
    43       *
    44       * @param context      The context for this request
    45       * @param moduleConfig The <code>ModuleConfig</code> for this request
    46       * @param uri          The module-relative URI to be the destination
    47       */
    48      protected ForwardConfig forward(ActionContext context,
    49          ModuleConfig moduleConfig, String uri) {
    50          return (new ActionForward(null, uri, false, moduleConfig.getPrefix()));
    51      }
    52  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
