[View Javadoc](../../../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/struts/chain/commands/servlet/SelectLocale.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: SelectLocale.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.struts.chain.commands.servlet;
    22  
    23  import org.apache.commons.logging.Log;
    24  import org.apache.commons.logging.LogFactory;
    25  import org.apache.struts.Globals;
    26  import org.apache.struts.chain.commands.AbstractSelectLocale;
    27  import org.apache.struts.chain.contexts.ActionContext;
    28  import org.apache.struts.chain.contexts.ServletActionContext;
    29  
    30  import javax.servlet.http.HttpSession;
    31  
    32  import java.util.Locale;
    33  
    34  /**
    35   * <p>Select the <code>Locale</code> to be used for this request.</p>
    36   *
    37   * @version $Rev: 471754 $ $Date: 2005-05-07 12:11:38 -0400 (Sat, 07 May 2005)
    38   *          $
    39   */
    40  public class SelectLocale extends AbstractSelectLocale {
    41      private static final Log log = LogFactory.getLog(SelectLocale.class);
    42  
    43      // ------------------------------------------------------- Protected Methods
    44  
    45      /**
    46       * <p>Return the <code>Locale</code> to be used for this request.</p>
    47       *
    48       * @param context The <code>Context</code> for this request
    49       */
    50      protected Locale getLocale(ActionContext context) {
    51          ServletActionContext saContext = (ServletActionContext) context;
    52  
    53          // Has a Locale already been selected?
    54          HttpSession session = saContext.getRequest().getSession();
    55          Locale locale = (Locale) session.getAttribute(Globals.LOCALE_KEY);
    56  
    57          if (locale != null) {
    58              return (locale);
    59          }
    60  
    61          // Select and cache the Locale to be used
    62          locale = saContext.getRequest().getLocale();
    63  
    64          if (locale == null) {
    65              locale = Locale.getDefault();
    66          }
    67  
    68          session.setAttribute(Globals.LOCALE_KEY, locale);
    69  
    70          return (locale);
    71      }
    72  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
