[View Javadoc](../../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/strutsel/taglib/bean/ELSizeTagBeanInfo.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: ELSizeTagBeanInfo.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.strutsel.taglib.bean;
    22  
    23  import java.beans.IntrospectionException;
    24  import java.beans.PropertyDescriptor;
    25  import java.beans.SimpleBeanInfo;
    26  
    27  import java.util.ArrayList;
    28  
    29  /**
    30   * This is the <code>BeanInfo</code> descriptor for the
    31   * <code>org.apache.strutsel.taglib.bean.ELSizeTag</code> class.  It is needed
    32   * to override the default mapping of custom tag attribute names to class
    33   * attribute names. <p> This is because the value of the unevaluated EL
    34   * expression has to be kept separately from the evaluated value, which is
    35   * stored in the base class. This is related to the fact that the JSP compiler
    36   * can choose to reuse different tag instances if they received the same
    37   * original attribute values, and the JSP compiler can choose to not re-call
    38   * the setter methods, because it can assume the same values are already set.
    39   */
    40  public class ELSizeTagBeanInfo extends SimpleBeanInfo {
    41      public PropertyDescriptor[] getPropertyDescriptors() {
    42          ArrayList proplist = new ArrayList();
    43  
    44          try {
    45              proplist.add(new PropertyDescriptor("collection", ELSizeTag.class,
    46                      null, "setCollectionExpr"));
    47          } catch (IntrospectionException ex) {
    48          }
    49  
    50          try {
    51              proplist.add(new PropertyDescriptor("id", ELSizeTag.class, null,
    52                      "setIdExpr"));
    53          } catch (IntrospectionException ex) {
    54          }
    55  
    56          try {
    57              proplist.add(new PropertyDescriptor("name", ELSizeTag.class, null,
    58                      "setNameExpr"));
    59          } catch (IntrospectionException ex) {
    60          }
    61  
    62          try {
    63              proplist.add(new PropertyDescriptor("property", ELSizeTag.class,
    64                      null, "setPropertyExpr"));
    65          } catch (IntrospectionException ex) {
    66          }
    67  
    68          try {
    69              proplist.add(new PropertyDescriptor("scope", ELSizeTag.class, null,
    70                      "setScopeExpr"));
    71          } catch (IntrospectionException ex) {
    72          }
    73  
    74          PropertyDescriptor[] result = new PropertyDescriptor[proplist.size()];
    75  
    76          return ((PropertyDescriptor[]) proplist.toArray(result));
    77      }
    78  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
