[View Javadoc](../../../../../../apidocs/org/apache/strutsel/taglib/tiles/ELPutListTag.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: ELPutListTag.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  package org.apache.strutsel.taglib.tiles;
    22  
    23  import org.apache.struts.tiles.taglib.PutListTag;
    24  import org.apache.strutsel.taglib.utils.EvalHelper;
    25  
    26  import javax.servlet.jsp.JspException;
    27  
    28  /**
    29   * PutList tag implementation. <p> This class is a subclass of the class
    30   * <code>org.apache.struts.taglib.tiles.PutListTag</code> which provides most
    31   * of the described functionality.  This subclass allows all attribute values
    32   * to be specified as expressions utilizing the JavaServer Pages Standard
    33   * Library expression language.
    34   *
    35   * @version $Rev: 471754 $
    36   */
    37  public class ELPutListTag extends PutListTag {
    38      /**
    39       * Instance variable mapped to "name" tag attribute. (Mapping set in
    40       * associated BeanInfo class.)
    41       */
    42      private String nameExpr;
    43  
    44      /**
    45       * Getter method for "name" tag attribute. (Mapping set in associated
    46       * BeanInfo class.)
    47       */
    48      public String getNameExpr() {
    49          return (nameExpr);
    50      }
    51  
    52      /**
    53       * Setter method for "name" tag attribute. (Mapping set in associated
    54       * BeanInfo class.)
    55       */
    56      public void setNameExpr(String nameExpr) {
    57          this.nameExpr = nameExpr;
    58      }
    59  
    60      /**
    61       * Resets attribute values for tag reuse.
    62       */
    63      public void release() {
    64          super.release();
    65          setNameExpr(null);
    66      }
    67  
    68      /**
    69       * Process the start tag.
    70       *
    71       * @throws JspException if a JSP exception has occurred
    72       */
    73      public int doStartTag() throws JspException {
    74          evaluateExpressions();
    75  
    76          return (super.doStartTag());
    77      }
    78  
    79      /**
    80       * Processes all attribute values which use the JSTL expression evaluation
    81       * engine to determine their values.
    82       *
    83       * @throws JspException if a JSP exception has occurred
    84       */
    85      private void evaluateExpressions()
    86          throws JspException {
    87          String string = null;
    88  
    89          if ((string =
    90                  EvalHelper.evalString("name", getNameExpr(), this, pageContext)) != null) {
    91              setName(string);
    92          }
    93      }
    94  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
