[View Javadoc](../../../apidocs/examples/multibox/PrepareMultiboxAction.html.md)


    1   /*
    2    * $Id: PrepareMultiboxAction.java 471754 2006-11-06 14:55:09Z husted $
    3    *
    4    * Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    5    * or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    6    * distributed with this work for additional information
    7    * regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    8    * to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    9    * "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    10   * with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    11   *
    12   *  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    13   *
    14   * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    15   * software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    16   * "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    17   * KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    18   * specific language governing permissions and limitations
    19   * under the License.
    20   */
    21  
    22  package examples.multibox;
    23  
    24  import javax.servlet.http.HttpServletRequest;
    25  import javax.servlet.http.HttpServletResponse;
    26  
    27  import org.apache.struts.action.Action;
    28  import org.apache.struts.action.ActionForm;
    29  import org.apache.struts.action.ActionForward;
    30  import org.apache.struts.action.ActionMapping;
    31  
    32  /**
    33   * Perform any tasks and setup any data that
    34   * must be prepared before the form is displayed.
    35   *
    36   * @version $Rev: 471754 $ $Date: 2006-11-06 08:55:09 -0600 (Mon, 06 Nov 2006) $
    37   */
    38  public class PrepareMultiboxAction extends Action {
    39  
    40      // ------------------------------------------------------------ Constructors
    41  
    42      /**
    43       * Constructor for PrepareOptionsAction.
    44       */
    45      public PrepareMultiboxAction() {
    46          super();
    47      }
    48  
    49      // ---------------------------------------------------------- Action Methods
    50  
    51      /**
    52       * Process the request and return an <code>ActionForward</code> instance
    53       * describing where and how control should be forwarded, or
    54       * <code>null</code>if the response has already been completed.
    55       *
    56       * @param mapping The ActionMapping used to select this instance
    57       * @param form The optional ActionForm bean for this request (if any)
    58       * @param request The HTTP request we are processing
    59       * @param response The HTTP response we are creating
    60       *
    61       * @exception Exception if an exception occurs
    62       *
    63       * @return the ActionForward to forward control to
    64       */
    65      public ActionForward execute(
    66          ActionMapping mapping,
    67          ActionForm form,
    68          HttpServletRequest request,
    69          HttpServletResponse response)
    70          throws Exception {
    71  
    72          System.out.println("Prepare MultiboxActionForm ....");
    73  
    74          /*
    75           * Prepare a String array of color names used to generate
    76           * checkboxes using.html.md:multibox tags in the JSP page.
    77           */
    78          String[] colors =
    79              { "Red", "Orange", "Yellow", "Green", "Blue", "Indigo", "Violet" };
    80          request.setAttribute("colors", colors);
    81  
    82          /*
    83           * Set default checkbox values.
    84           */
    85          String[] defaultFruits = { "Orange", "Banana", "Apple" };
    86          String[] defaultColors = { "Orange", "Yellow" };
    87          MultiboxActionForm multiboxForm = (MultiboxActionForm) form;
    88          multiboxForm.setFruits(defaultFruits);
    89          multiboxForm.setColors(defaultColors);
    90  
    91          // Return an ActionForward to the form
    92          return mapping.findForward("success");
    93  
    94      }
    95  
    96  }

------------------------------------------------------------------------

This page was automatically generated by [Maven](http://maven.apache.org/)
